Dora had a special charm bracelet that held all her memories of all her travels. One day, she discovers that the bracelet is gone. Unsure of where it could be after retracing her steps she asks you for your help. She mentions that you can ask either Map or B Boots for advice. Do you A ask map or B ask Boots?
Map tells you he is not sure where Dora's bracelet is. though using his map he determined two places it could be either Backpack has it or Dora lost it in the rainforest. Do you A ask backpack if she has it or B go to the rainforest?
Boots tells you to replace Dora’s steps once again and mentions. how he and Dora visited the rainforest and the chocolate tree the other day. Where would you like to go to A rainforest or B chocolate tree?
Backpack says she doesn't have it and suggests to visit either the rainforest or check at home. Where would you like to go A rainforest or B home?
You’ve entered the rainforest and met the sleepy sloth who mentions Dora may have left it at home, though he’s not sure. Or that you could talk to Dora’s companion Boots. He also mentions the mountain goat full of wisdom located at the top of the tallest mountain. Do you A go to Dora’s home, B talk to boots, or C visit the tallest mountain?
You visit the chocolate tree who makes you some délicieux chocolat. And tells you about how the other day Dora visited the troll bridge. Hearing this you start heading towards it walking across the bridge. you realize that the troll is asleep do A wake him up or B visit the tallest mountain. as the Chocolate tree also said you could talk to the wise goat who resides there?
Once you arrive at Dora’s home you decide to take a quick break in the guest room, when you wake up you realize you don’t have much time left before the end of the day. Do you go to the Big River as you know Dora was there recently, Yellow Valley (9) where everything ends up there some way or another. or Tallest Mountain because you’ve heard about the great wisdom of the Goat at the top gives?
You arrive at the Tallest Mountain and meet with the wise goat who tells you that Swiper may have swiped it from Dora or Dora left it at the river where she went swimming yesterday. Do you A visit Swiper located at Blueberry Hill or B visit the Big River?
You decide to wake up the grouchy old troll who unwillingly gives you a riddle which you have 3 chances to answer correctly:. I am not a teen, yet not in the forties. In a month's time, I rarely do vary. I'm the end of the line for some, but not many. What number am I?
You enter the yellow valley and find the piles of junk stretching from one side to the other of the valley. You realize looking through all of that junk that finding Dora’s bracelet would be impossible. Finally, you hear a ring from your phone, it's Backpack, who confesses that she had the bracelet the whole time just at the bottom of her bag.
You enter the Big River and find the bracelet on the riverbank.
You visit Swiper's home located at Blueberry Hill and meet Swiper. You realize that at the bottom of the hill was Dora’s bracelet. Just as Swiper is about to pick up the bracelet you yell at Swiper with the phrase. “Swiper no swiping!”.  “Swiper no swiping!”.  “Swiper no swiping!”. Which causes him to drop the bracelet, he then slinks away, snapping his fingers and says, “Oh, man!”.
Incorrect answer to the riddle would you like to receive A the hot dog or B the frying pan?
Correct answer to the riddle would you like to receive A the hot dog, B the frying pan or C the sword?
Once you receive the hot dog from the troll you realize that it's been a long day and decide you deserve a. break so you walk towards Dora’s house (the place you're staying at). On your way you feel an unquenching thirst to eat something do you A eat the hot dog or B continue on your way?
Once you receive the frying pan from the troll you realize that it's been a long day and decide you deserve. a break so you walk towards Dora’s house (the place you're staying at). On your way you feel very hungry, you are famished. Do you A cook up a feast at Dora’s home or B continue on your journey towards the rainforest as you've heard they have baies très délicieuses?
Once you receive the sword from the troll you decide to walk back towards Dora’s home after a long day,. and you stumble upon Swiper doing his business in the bushes do you A confront him or B you decide to eat some baies très délicieuses?
You eat the very délicieux hot dog and head off into the unknown⁃⁃⁃ hint, hint A for the rainforest to talk to the sleepy sloth and eat some barries or B to check Dora’s House?
You continue walking and Swiper pops up and asks for a trade of information for food. You accept the transaction and hand him the hot dog. You learn from Swiper that the sleepy sloth may know where the bracelet is, and realize your feeling very tired and want to take a quick break. Do you A visit the rainforest or B head towards Dora’s home?
You enter the rainforest and munch on some baies très délicieuses and talk to the sleepy sloth who believes that it could be at Dora’s home or that you can ask the wise goat for more advice. Do you A go to Dora’s home or B visit the tallest mountain?
Once you arrive at Dora’s home you decide to take a quick break in the guest room, when you wake up. you realize you don’t have much time left before the end of the day. Do you go A go to the Big River as you know Dora was there recently, B visit Yellow Valley where everything ends up there some way or another. or C Tallest Mountain because you’ve heard about the great wisdom of the Goat at the top gives?
You arrive at the Tallest Mountain and meet with the wise goat who tells you that Swiper may have swiped it from Dora you or Dora left it at a river where she went swimming yesterday. Do you A visit Swiper located at Blueberry Hill or B visit the Big River?
You enter the kitchen of Dora’s home and cook yourself a meal, short on time you take your meal on your journey and Swiper pops and asks for a trade of information for food. You accept the transaction and hand him the frying pan with your leftovers. You learn that the mountain goat may know where the bracelet is, so do you A head towards the tall mountain or B go back to Dora’s home?
After waiting for Swiper to finish you confront him, and he sees your sword feeling threatened he tells you information about where your bracelet could be. Do you follow Swiper's suggestion and go home A or visit the rainforest instead B?
In the midst of the forest, you find yourself entranced by the sight of plumb baies hanging from the bushes, so as you start feasting you realize both hands are needed for this berry banquet. So, you decided to toss your sword behind you, in an attempt to speed up your baies endeavours. The sword landed with a scream, blade buried into the back of Swiper as you feasted. You look back only to witness the horrors of what you have done. BAD ENDING ╰‿╯